README.md, before:

# Ressources

## How to use git in terminal.
```markdown
echo "# ressources" >> README.md
git init
git add README.md
git commit -m "first commit"
git remote add origin https://github.com/romanzuch/ressources.git
git push -u origin master
```

## Links
### General
- Guide: [Using Git with Terminal Mac](https://github.com/codepath/ios_guides/wiki/Using-Git-with-Terminal) (Github)
- Guide: [Markdown Cheatsheet](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet#code) (Github)

### Swift
- Tutorial: [Swift Grid Layout using UIStackView](https://medium.com/@alexxjk_mar/swift-grid-layout-based-on-uistackview-cc927fc43d8b) (Medium)
- Guide: [ViewController Programming Guide iOS](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/featuredarticles/ViewControllerPGforiPhoneOS/index.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40007457) (Apple)
- Overview: [Machine Learning](https://developer.apple.com/machine-learning/) (Apple)
- Tutorials: [iOS Entwickler-Blog: Artikel und Tutorials](https://www.ralfebert.de/ios/)
- Repo: [Hacking with Swift CypherPoet](https://github.com/CypherPoet/book--hacking-with-swift)
- Tutorial: [MapKit Tutorial: How to Add Maps to Your iOS App in Swift](https://www.iosapptemplates.com/blog/swift-programming/mapkit-tutorial)
- Tutorial: [JSON Parsing in Swift explained with code examples](https://www.avanderlee.com/swift/json-parsing-decoding/)

## Tools
- [Whimsical](https://whimsical.com/)
- [Miro](https://miro.com/)
- [Figma](https://www.figma.com/design/)
- [Sublime](https://www.sublimetext.com/)
- [Anki](https://apps.ankiweb.net/)

## Repos

## Documentation
- [Swift Documentation](https://swift.org/documentation/)
- [Apple Developer Documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation)
- [Python Documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/)

Commit message:

added link to ###swift
added "JSON Decoding in Swift with Codable: A Practical Guide"

README.md, after:

# Ressources

## How to use git in terminal.
```markdown
echo "# ressources" >> README.md
git init
git add README.md
git commit -m "first commit"
git remote add origin https://github.com/romanzuch/ressources.git
git push -u origin master
```

## Links
### General
- Guide: [Using Git with Terminal Mac](https://github.com/codepath/ios_guides/wiki/Using-Git-with-Terminal) (Github)
- Guide: [Markdown Cheatsheet](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet#code) (Github)

### Swift
- Tutorial: [Swift Grid Layout using UIStackView](https://medium.com/@alexxjk_mar/swift-grid-layout-based-on-uistackview-cc927fc43d8b) (Medium)
- Guide: [ViewController Programming Guide iOS](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/featuredarticles/ViewControllerPGforiPhoneOS/index.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40007457) (Apple)
- Overview: [Machine Learning](https://developer.apple.com/machine-learning/) (Apple)
- Tutorials: [iOS Entwickler-Blog: Artikel und Tutorials](https://www.ralfebert.de/ios/)
- Repo: [Hacking with Swift CypherPoet](https://github.com/CypherPoet/book--hacking-with-swift)
- Tutorial: [MapKit Tutorial: How to Add Maps to Your iOS App in Swift](https://www.iosapptemplates.com/blog/swift-programming/mapkit-tutorial)
- Tutorial: [JSON Parsing in Swift explained with code examples](https://www.avanderlee.com/swift/json-parsing-decoding/)
- Tutorial: [JSON Decoding in Swift with Codable: A Practical Guide](https://matteomanferdini.com/codable/)

## Tools
- [Whimsical](https://whimsical.com/)
- [Miro](https://miro.com/)
- [Figma](https://www.figma.com/design/)
- [Sublime](https://www.sublimetext.com/)
- [Anki](https://apps.ankiweb.net/)

## Repos

## Documentation
- [Swift Documentation](https://swift.org/documentation/)
- [Apple Developer Documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation)
- [Python Documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/)
