swift/UIViewController.md, before:

# UIViewController

**Declaration**

```swift
class UIViewController : UIResponder
```

**Main responsibilities**
- *update* the contents of the view, usually in response the *changes to the underlying data*
- responding to *user interactions*
- *resizing* views
- *managing* the layout of the overall interface
- *coordinating* with other objects in an app

**Basics**
- view controllers are *UIResponder* objects
- inserted into the *responder chain* between view controller's root view and that view's superview (typically belongs to another view controller)
- you often use multiple view controllers, each owning a portion of the app's user interface
```markdown
For example, one view controller might display a table of items while a different view 
controller displays the selected item from that table.
```

## View Management
- each view controller manages a *view hierarchy* (the root view is stored in view property)
- the root view acts as a *container* for the rest of the view hierarchy
- several ways to specify the views for a view controller: 
  1. specify the view controller and its views in the *storyboard*; to load a view controller from a storyboard, call `instantiateViewController(withIdentifier:)`
  2. specify using a Nib file; a Nib file lets you specify the views of a single view controller, but doesn't let you define segues or relationships; create the vc programmatically and initialize using `init(nibName:bundle:)`
  3. specify the views using the `loadView()` method; 
- a view controller's root view is always sized to fit its assigned space

## Handling View-Related Notifications
- when the visibility of its views changes, a vc automatically calls its own methods so that subclasses can respond
- `viewWillAppear(_:)` can be used to prepare your views to appear onscreen, and `viewWillDisappear(_:)` can be used to save changes or other state information

<img src="https://docs-assets.developer.apple.com/published/f06f30fa63/UIViewController_Class_Reference_2x_ddcaa00c-87d8-4c85-961e-ccfb9fa4aac2.png" height="380" width="360">

Commit message:

Resized Image, Added Content To Paragraph 'Handling View-Related Notifications' and Added Paragraph 'Handling View Rotations'

swift/UIViewController.md, after:

# UIViewController

**Declaration**

```swift
class UIViewController : UIResponder
```

**Main responsibilities**
- *update* the contents of the view, usually in response the *changes to the underlying data*
- responding to *user interactions*
- *resizing* views
- *managing* the layout of the overall interface
- *coordinating* with other objects in an app

**Basics**
- view controllers are *UIResponder* objects
- inserted into the *responder chain* between view controller's root view and that view's superview (typically belongs to another view controller)
- you often use multiple view controllers, each owning a portion of the app's user interface
```markdown
For example, one view controller might display a table of items while a different view 
controller displays the selected item from that table.
```

## View Management
- each view controller manages a *view hierarchy* (the root view is stored in view property)
- the root view acts as a *container* for the rest of the view hierarchy
- several ways to specify the views for a view controller: 
  1. specify the view controller and its views in the *storyboard*; to load a view controller from a storyboard, call `instantiateViewController(withIdentifier:)`
  2. specify using a Nib file; a Nib file lets you specify the views of a single view controller, but doesn't let you define segues or relationships; create the vc programmatically and initialize using `init(nibName:bundle:)`
  3. specify the views using the `loadView()` method; 
- a view controller's root view is always sized to fit its assigned space

## Handling View-Related Notifications
- when the visibility of its views changes, a vc automatically calls its own methods so that subclasses can respond
- `viewWillAppear(_:)` can be used to prepare your views to appear onscreen, and `viewWillDisappear(_:)` can be used to save changes or other state information

<img src="https://docs-assets.developer.apple.com/published/f06f30fa63/UIViewController_Class_Reference_2x_ddcaa00c-87d8-4c85-961e-ccfb9fa4aac2.png" height="400" width="420">

- the above image shows the possible visible states for a view controller's views
- not all *will* callback methods are paired with only a *did* callback method 
- if you start a *will* callback method, you need to close it with the corresponding *did* and the opposite *will* callback method

## Handling View Rotations
